fix: Add troubleshooting info when users tries to directly connect to a local db or api (#696)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/action-errors/datasource-errors.md

This message indicates that one of the mandatory fields, for example, `Access Key`, has been left empty in the [datasource creation form](../../../core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases.md).

This error can be fixed by filling the mentioned mandatory fields in the [datasource creation form](../../../core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases.md).

### Can't delete datasource error

```
Cannot delete datasource since it has 1 action(s) using it.
```

This message indicates that the [datasource](/reference/datasources/) attempting to be deleted has some query action configured on it.

This error can be fixed by deleting any queries dependent on this [datasource](/reference/datasources/) before attempting to delete the [datasource](../../../reference/datasources/).

> ### Error connecting to local db or API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error connecting to local DB or API
```

If you are trying to connect to a local MySQL database from Appsmith and see an error message like:

 ```

>  io.netty.channel.AbstractChannel$AnnotatedConnectException: finishConnect(..) failed: Connection refused: /172.17.0.1:3306

Reviewer: I see that for all the other errors, we show an example of the _user-visible error message_, but this one, I think, is an errors message from the _server logs_, and not visible to the user. Can we use the user-visible error message here as well. We can include this in addition too, of course. What say?

Author: "**Error - Connection refused**"- users will receive this error(_visible_) message, right? @sharat87

Reviewer: Hey, sorry man, I'm unfortunately not familiar with the error message that shows up. You can try producing this error on Appsmith by deliberately connecting to an invalid address, and use that perhaps. :)

Reviewer 2: Tried this on cloud, this is what we get a
![Screenshot 2022-12-26 at 7 07 40 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1757421/209554735-e2314620-a763-4c2c-a26b-9a40a97dcd7e.png)
t the moment:

 ```

> When running Appsmith inside a Docker container, it may have its own network namespace and won't be able to access services running on the host machine using the ```localhost``` or ```127.0.0.1``` addresses. This is because these addresses are reserved for use within the network namespace of the container, and are not accessible from the host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Appsmith inside a Docker container, it may have its own network namespace and won't be able to access services running on the host machine using the `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` addresses. This is because these addresses will point to the container's local network, which is different from that of the host machine.
```

> Instead, you can use the hostname ```host.docker.internal``` on **Windows** and **macOS**, and ```172.17.0.1``` on **Linux**, to access services running on the host machine from within the container. This will allow the container to access the MySQL server running on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, you can use the hostname `host.docker.internal` on Windows and macOS hosts, and `172.17.0.1` on Linux hosts, to access services running on the host machine from within the container. This will allow the container to access the MySQL server running on the host.
```

> It's important to note that binding the MySQL server to ```0.0.0.0``` will allow connections from any host, including other devices on the same network as the host. This may or may not be desirable, depending on your security requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, if you are connecting to a MySQL server, make sure that it's configured to bind to `0.0.0.0`. This will allow connections from any host, including other devices on the same network. This may or may not be desirable, depending on your security requirements.
```

> If you continue to experience problems with building in Appsmith, it's a good idea to check the backend logs from the ```stacks/logs/backend/backend.log``` file for any error messages or other information that might help troubleshoot the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you continue to experience problems with building in Appsmith, it's a good idea to check the backend logs from the `stacks/logs/backend/backend.log` file for any error messages or other information that might help troubleshoot the issue.
```

> You can check this document to learn more about [Connect to a localhost database/ API](https://docs.appsmith.com/advanced-concepts/more/how-to-work-with-local-apis-on-appsmith)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check this document to learn more about [Connect to a localhost database / API](https://docs.appsmith.com/advanced-concepts/more/how-to-work-with-local-apis-on-appsmith)
```

This message indicates that one of the mandatory fields, for example, `Access Key`, has been left empty in the [datasource creation form](../../../core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases.md).

This error can be fixed by filling the mentioned mandatory fields in the [datasource creation form](../../../core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases.md).

### Can't delete datasource error

```
Cannot delete datasource since it has 1 action(s) using it.
```

This message indicates that the [datasource](/reference/datasources/) attempting to be deleted has some query action configured on it.

This error can be fixed by deleting any queries dependent on this [datasource](/reference/datasources/) before attempting to delete the [datasource](../../../reference/datasources/).

### Error connecting to local DB or API

> If you are trying to connect to a local MySQL database from Appsmith and see an error message like:

Reviewer 3: @sumitsum - Could you please confirm if the error message is specific to MySQL database and only for self-hosted instance?

Reviewer 4: +1

Reviewer 2: I think there is some confusion here. Can we get on a quick call to resolve this ?

Reviewer 2: Although, the error example quoted below is specific to MySQL (because of port no 3306) similar error can be seen for other plugins as well. IMO, we shouldn't use the `MySQL` plugin word for this error and show it as a general error.

Reviewer 2: @harshilp24 can you please change this line above `local MySQL database` to `local database` ?

Author: done

#### Error message

<Message
messageContainerClassName="error" 
messageContent="Connection refused"></Message>

<Message
messageContainerClassName="error" 
messageContent="Server logs - 'io.netty.channel.AbstractChannel$AnnotatedConnectException: finishConnect(..) failed: Connection refused: /172.17.0.1:3306'"></Message>

#### Cause

When running Appsmith inside a Docker container, it may have its own network namespace and won't be able to access services running on the host machine using the `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` addresses. This is because these addresses points to the container's local network, which is different from that of the host machine.

#### Solution
Instead, you can use the hostname `host.docker.internal` on Windows and macOS hosts, and `172.17.0.1` on Linux hosts, to access services running on the host machine from within the container. This allows the container to access the MySQL server running on the host.

> In particular, if you are connecting to a MySQL server, make sure that it's configured to bind to `0.0.0.0`. This allows connections from any host, including other devices on the same network. This may or may not be desirable, depending on your security requirements.

Reviewer 2: IMO, we should modify this line to say `MySQL server (or similar SQL server)`.

If you continue to experience problems with building in Appsmith, it's a good idea to check the backend logs from the `stacks/logs/backend/backend.log` file for any error messages or other information that might help troubleshoot the issue.

> You can check this document to learn more about [Connect to a localhost database / API](https://docs.appsmith.com/advanced-concepts/more/how-to-work-with-local-apis-on-appsmith)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Learn more about how to [connect to a localhost database / API](https://docs.appsmith.com/advanced-concepts/more/how-to-work-with-local-apis-on-appsmith)
```
